Now let's see the Invoicing Process from the point of view
of the Airlines Invoice Settlement Team.
We already know that other than issuing tickets,
the Airlines Partners also issue invoices to AIS.
These invoices contain information on the Proflight
the passengers, the itinerary, and the fares & taxes.
As previously mentioned, once the invoices are settled,
the Airlines can be paid.
However, this is an oversimplification of the invoicing process.
Before payment can actually proceed,
certain checks and verification must be done, in order to do so.
Furthermore, AIS utilizes an accounting tool provided by IOM.
This tool is known as PRISM;
many of you may have already heard of PRISM yet may not quite understand
that it provides in relation to the movement process.
The next few explanations will show you exactly that.
For AIS, PRISM serves as the data entry for the invoices that need to be paid.
However, in order to proceed with processing,
PRISM requires the ff. information to be verified and checked within the system.
If this set of information seems familiar to you,
it is because these are the very same information that is contained in the Invoice.
However, this still is not enough in order to proceed with processing the invoice.
Ultimately, AIS must check and verify the information
in the invoice against information within IOM.
The document we use to verify the invoice information
is called the Purchase Order or PO.
Let's take a closer look at the PO, before we proceed.
The purchase order is a document found in PRISM
which also shows proflight, passenger, itinerary, and fare details.
Processing and payment of invoices cannot be done
unless the PO document exists in PRISM.
A Purchase Order always has a 10-digit document number
that starts with 4420.
Again, if this seems familiar,
that is because ticket orders from iGATOR,
also come with the same numbering system. Let's investigate further.